New blog post: Authentication in Ionic Angular with Supabase (#10183)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2022-11-08-authentication-in-ionic-angular.mdx

  text text check (char_length(text) > 0),
  group_id bigint references groups on delete cascade not null,
  created_at timestamp with time zone default timezone('utc'::text, now()) not null
);
```

After creating the tables we need to define **policies** to prevent unauthorized access to some of our data.

In this scenario **we allow unauthenticated users to read group data** - everything else like creating a group, or anything related to messages is only allowed for authenticated users.

Go ahead and also run the following query in the editor:

```sql
-- Secure tables
alter table users enable row level security;
alter table groups enable row level security;
alter table messages enable row level security;

-- User Policies
create policy "Users can read the user email." on users
  for select using (true);

-- Group Policies
create policy "Groups are viewable by everyone." on groups
  for select using (true);

create policy "Authenticated users can create groups." on groups for
  insert to authenticated with check (true);  

create policy "The owner can delete a group." on groups for
    delete using (auth.uid() = creator);

> -- Message Policies
> create policy "Authenticated users can read messages." on messages
>   for select using (auth.role() = 'authenticated');
> 
> create policy "Authenticated users can create messages." on messages
>   for insert with check (auth.role() = 'authenticated');

Reviewer: Can you also please change these policies to use the `to authenticated` syntax:

```suggestion
-- Message Policies
create policy "Authenticated users can read messages." on messages
  for select to authenticated using (true);

create policy "Authenticated users can create messages." on messages
  for insert to authenticated with check (true);
```
